Welcome to this,
the fiftieth episode of Appalling
Twistianity,
broadcast live here from our rainbow
studio in the middle of the U.S.
Virgin Islands.
We're continuing our analysis of the first
book written as part of the Christian New
Testament.
for those that do not know paul's first
letter was to the galatians it was written
in fifty two c e and in fact
the first fourteen books of the christian
new testament were all written by one man
a man who was not an eyewitness to
any of the events that he claims he
was talking about a man who had been
trained as a rabbi a man who admitted
that he was demon possessed
a man who invented the concept of gospel,
a man whose pals, Mark and Luke,
wrote the first two gospels about ten
years after his death,
and they weren't eyewitnesses either.
It really tears the entire Christian
mythos to shreds,
particularly recognizing that Paul never
once quoted anything,
from the personage that would later be
known as Gospel Jesus,
not a single line ever.
And every time that he tried to quote
god to validate the points he was making
he never once accurately quoted him either
a hundred percent of his citations were
not just plucked from context and
misrepresented they actually conveyed the
opposite message that paul was trying to
present so there is just really zero
credibility to Christianity and this
individual whose name was Sha'uwl Apollos
Paul proved that he was well allergic to
the truth he committed essentially every
rational fallacy in the book
He couldn't even get his own life
straight.
And therefore,
most everything he said was incongruent
with Yahowah .
That really begins with Paul's insistence
that God's Torah,
his teaching and guidance,
was a set of binding laws and strict
rules which couldn't save anyone.
This was the position held by the
religious rulers of the day,
the Pharisees,
whom Yahowah's prophets rebuked and
refuted.
So whether he was attacking the oral law
of the rabbis or the Torah itself,
his conclusions were all wrong,
especially since he told us that he isn't
speaking based upon what he learned while
training to be a rabbi.
Based upon his opening stanza,
Paul has positioned himself as the utmost
authority on God,
as someone who spoke for God,
but not ostensibly as the founder of a
religion,
albeit that is what he has become.
His greeting displays neither religious
qualifications nor an overt religious
agenda.
In fact,
Sha'uwl only used the word religion twice.
Both times it was called the Jews
religion.
This was in Galatians one,
thirteen and one, fourteen.
Never the Christian religion.
Oh, that's sobering.
If you thought that you were a religious
Christian.
Paul would, however,
contradict himself and establish all of
the trappings for a new religion,
replete with a paid and empowered clergy
and a plethora of personal edicts,
all of which he said, of course,
had to be obeyed.
He replaced a non-set of laws with an
actual set of laws.
It's ironic for a man so steadfastly
against what he claims were God's rules
while imposing his own.
And he slyly perverted the Torah and
prophets to make his assertions appear
both reasonable and divine.
In that read, Timothy says,
First Timothy five,
seventeen and eighteen's first Corinthians
nine, one through eleven and then sixteen,
one through three.
If you want absolute evidence of this.
Now,
I'm aware that Christians have been led to
believe that Jesus Christ was the founder
of the religion of Christianity and that
Paul spoke for him.
But those conclusions are not supportable.
The institution of Christianity is founded
upon Paul's writings,
and Jesus Christ never existed.
Moreover,
the character presented in the Gospels was
Torah observant.
His teachings were derived from the Torah.
Therefore, to follow the fable,
the devotee would have to become Torah
observant.
And in so doing,
He or she would cease to be a
Christian by Paul's standard.
It is a religion against itself.
To his credit or shame,
Paul was telling the truth up to a
point.
He wasn't entirely inspired by men.
In his second letter to the Corinthians,
as we have already presented in an earlier
episode of Appalling to Christianity,
He overtly admitted that he was
demon-possessed,
that he was guided and controlled by one
of Satan's messengers.
But that is not to say that everything
Paul wrote was inaccurate.
He correctly referred to God as the
Father,
but his statement of fact in a sea
of lies only serves to make his deceptions
appear credible.
For example,
far too many people have been beguiled
into believing that everything the
adversary inspires someone, you know,
must be untrue, right?
They even believe that in a satanic
religion,
Satan is worshiped under his name and
under his true identity.
Nah,
but that's not the way he or his
advocates deceive.
And it is not what the devil is
trying to achieve.
You've been hoodwinked.
By religion, of course.
In actuality,
Satan usurps Yahowah's credibility to fool
the unsuspecting to worship him.
Not as the adversary,
but as if he were God.
Satan wants to be known by the title
Yahowah gave him, the Lord.
It elicits vowing, control, servitude,
ownership, and, of course, worship.
Things that Yahowah detests.
Continuing to expose Paul's errant opening
statement, it was the Ruach Kodesh,
set-apart spirit,
who enabled the fulfillment of Bokoram,
well,
Dowd 's father awaited his son's return.
The Ruach retrieved the Messiah's nephesh
soul from Sheowl
.
Actually,
she accompanied him there and made certain
that his nephesh soul was unharmed in the
process.
And it was, of course,
the Ruach who was enabling
Dowd  all along the way by contrast however
since necros is based upon necus meaning
corpse the conclusion of paul's statement
actually reads as i have rendered it and
god father of the one having roused and
awakened raising him out of being a
lifeless corpse necros death
a useless and futile, vain carcass,
an ineffective, powerless,
and deceased cadaver,
a dead body having breathed its last
breath.
While raising him for the dead sounds
familiar to Christian ears,
such was not the case.
Only Dowd 's Bashar physical body suffered
the indignity of death, not his soul,
nor the set apart spirit.
Therefore,
he was not asleep and his corpse had
not been destroyed, thus did not rise.
corpse had been destroyed,
which means it did not rise.
The fact is, just keep it simple.
The place where Paul diverted from simply
counterfeiting Dowd  in his creation of
Jesus Christ was after stealing Dowd 's
titles, Son of God and Messiah,
Chosen One and King,
he added Dionysus to the mix.
He had his caricature die and be
resurrected.
And he had his caricature become God.
This was the most popular myth of pagan
religion at the time.
But let me just point out things that
should have been obvious and just a couple
of statements that by themselves destroy
the entire mythos of Christianity.
God's not a man.
Not only isn't God a man,
God cannot become a man.
All of God won't fit into our universe,
much less this galaxy,
much less our solar system,
much less our planet, much less a person.
To create a universe of the magnitude that
we witness,
God has to exist in a dimension beyond
the universe he created.
Therefore,
he cannot enter this universe in totality.
God is infinitely larger than a man.
Second, men cannot kill God.
No.
Yeah, really?
Who would have thunk it?
Men cannot kill God?
The whole concept is absolutely stupid.
If we're going to play out this whole
charade on Passover,
the Passover lamb does not come back to
life.
The body of the Passover lamb has to
be incinerated after it has fed the people
that night.
so there can be no bodily resurrection
there can be an empty tomb if you
want to bury the remains of the passover
lamb but you're not even supposed to do
that you're supposed to incinerate the the
remaining corpse so there that can only be
an empty tomb in the sense that you
aren't supposed to put anything in it it
you cannot have
your myth fulfill Passover,
which is the only way you would open
the doorway to life, on Passover,
if his body stayed intact,
and the idea of bodily resurrection
is not only counterproductive.
The whole idea is that God is promising
to take our souls,
which are currently in decaying bodies
that are so limited in time and limited
in mobility,
and envelop them in his spiritual energy
so that we can travel to him and
through the universe through time itself
and space and so being bodily resurrected
is just utterly stupid but it's the stuff
of pagan religiosity so it was easy for
paul to sell now there is a small
technical point here
Passover is the door to life,
eternal life.
Unyeasted bread serves as the means to
perfect us by removing our guilt.
Firstborn children is the result,
enabling our incorporation into our
Heavenly Father's covenant family,
and we are enriched and empowered at that
time.
If the returning Messiah didn't enable
these promises, if he slept on the job,
he was ineffective, or worse, dead,
then as a result,
everyone would die estranged from God.
And while Passover is essential, fact is,
unyeasted bread is vastly more important
That's why in five fifty five BCE,
when Dowd , as Gabriel,
God's most courageous and capable man,
visited with with Daniel,
he gave them him the exact date to
the day that he would complete Chag
Matzah.
Not the date of Passover,
but seven days later,
the date that Chag Matzah is completed
because that is what he was here to
fulfill.
But of course, with the Jesus myth,
there is no mention of Matzah.
There's no mention of a Kodom either,
which would negate the entire purpose of
Firstborn children is symbolic of our
souls being adopted into the covenant
family.
It's not of us retaining our flawed,
limiting, and decaying physicality.
This is one of several reasons that the
Torah teaches the following regarding the
body of the Passover lamb.
It reads,
And do not leave it until morning.
And what remains of it before morning,
you are to burn with fire.
Shemoth names Exodus twelve ten.
That means there can be no bodily
resurrection.
Moving on to the deployment of
placeholders, they are often overlooked.
Not one Christian in a million knows of
even their existence.
And yet four of the most common names
and titles and Christendoms were
represented by them in this greeting.
I-N-Y representing I-U-S-U,
which became Jesus in the seventeenth
century after the invention of the letter
J.
X-P-Y was used to convey either Christo,
drugged, or Christau, useful implement,
not Ha-Maseach, the Messiah.
And then Theta-Upsilon was used by early
Christian scribes to write Theos, God.
not El or Elohim, the Almighty in Hebrew.
And Yahowah's favorite title, Ab, Father,
based upon the first word comprised of the
first two letters in the Hebrew alphabet,
was misrepresented by Papa Rav.
Well, let's see, what is my...
My Greek's bad.
My Greek used to be... IPPA,
that's what it's called.
Yes, PRA is the acronym that they used,
also in Greek.
Okay.
Patera, translated as Papa in Latin,
then became Pope with men attempting to
usurp Yahowah's favorite title so that they
could use it to rule over men as
if wielding God's authority.
It's kind of funny.
You know, back, oh,
four or five hundred years ago,
I was in a fraternity.
So in a fraternity,
you know every letter of the Greek
alphabet because all of the sororities and
fraternities are lettered with them.
And that's why they're called Greek
society.
And back about twenty years ago,
I translated all of Paul's letters.
And so I had to learn Greek to
read Greek and to translate Greek to get
that done.
You might say, well,
you should be able to retain that.
Well,
the difficulty of doing that is that since
that time, I've invested, you know,
another hundred thousand hours and twenty
four years and and focusing on accurately
translating Hebrew.
And, you know, it's awful.
one isn't ubiquitous with the other and so
you get really rusty on your uh on
your languages uh after doing so so in
in the case of uh of twistianity these
five volumes there is a translation that i
have provided uh from the using the
sixty-nine pre-constantine manuscripts the
oldest manuscripts that uh have been found
pertaining to paul's letters in the
christian new testament
At the same time,
I have presented the Nestle-Allen
twenty-seven interlinears,
the McReynolds interlinear for it,
because it would be the most
scholastically accepted and literal
rendering of the Greek New Testament in
English.
And then just for further elucidation,
I produce anywhere from two to three other
translations of each passage,
either using the King James version
because i find it entertaining the new
living translation or because i like to
make a joke of the fact that it's
not literal even though it claims to be
the new american standard bible so we'll
have lots of different translations that
you can use and consider i like my
own mainly because it includes uh the
actual greek words that appear on the
oldest
existing manuscripts and therefore I think
it provides a more accurate rendering of
what would have been actually written.
Now, these placeholders, of course,
appear in all sixty-nine of the
pre-Constantine manuscripts.
A hundred percent of the time,
the names that we now say Jesus Christ
was all represented by these placeholders,
never once written out.
Same thing is true for Christian.
Same thing is true for God.
So examples of placeholders not used in
this particular statement,
but ubiquitous through the rest of the
Greek texts and universally found in every
first, second, third,
and fourth century manuscript,
direct us to the Greek interpretations for
spirit, Lord, mother, and son,
when used in reference to the Christian
God.
While codices dating to the first three
centuries vary considerably among
themselves and differ substantially from
those composed after the influence of
General Constantine and his publicist,
Bishop Eusebius,
The use of the placeholders is the lone
exception to scribal variation among the
early manuscripts.
These Greek symbols for the Christian
deification of Jesus Christ,
the Lord God and Son are universally
found.
on every page of every extant codex
written within three hundred years of the
misappropriation of Dowd 's mission to
fulfill Chag Matzah.
Nevertheless,
they are universally ignored by Christian
translators, writers, and preachers.
Therefore, I am including them
in the text because it is incumbent upon
us to expose and condemn one thousand
seven hundred years of religious tampering
and corruption the very fact that these
placeholders are found on all of the
manuscripts
on earth prior to the mid-fourth century
tells us that it wasn't a regional or
scribal choice instead they convey
something both important and equally
misguided because the deliberate intent
throughout the oldest manuscripts was to
deify jesus christ the lord and god as
well as son
Big mistake.
Therefore,
the only constant among the earliest
witnesses to the Christian New Testament
is the one thing every translator has
ignored.
There isn't even a footnote in any of
the English translations indicating that
these placeholders were universally
depicted in all of the oldest manuscripts,
including the codices,
even Sinaiticus and Vaticanus,
which are the two that were produced under
General Constantine by his publicist,
Eusebius.
As a result,
Christians do not know that these symbols
even existed,
much less that they were later replaced by
translators substituting the very names
and titles which would have been written
out by the original authors had they been
intended.
You've been duped.
When you say, I believe in Jesus,
what you're saying is you're an ink and
poop.
First of all,
there was no one named Jesus before the
seventeenth century.
And second of all,
even the Greek basis of it had no
basis in the text of any one of
the first sixty-nine earliest copies of
the Christian New Testament.
They were all placeholders.
Sorry, but that's the truth.
And even when you were to spell out
those placeholders,
and guess what you think they might mean
based upon Greek grammar rules, Iosu,
Iosus, Iosun, guess what?
That's not a Hebrew name.
Jesus could not have been spoken of by
the prophets and had a Greek name.
He couldn't have been spoken of by the
prophets and had a Greek title either.
Kappa Sigma, near and dear to me,
that was my fraternity, and Kappa Upsilon,
in capital letters,
with a line draw over them,
were used in the place of Yahowah's name
because they just wanted to call him Lord
when citing a Torah text in which it
was included.
This placeholder was also used with regard
to the Christian misnomer, Jesus.
But both uses are problematic because the
placeholders were based upon Kyrios or
Kyrios, the Greek word for Lord,
which according to God,
just so happens to be Satan's title.
It's while he's called Baal, Baal, Lord,
master, owner.
It's what Satan craves.
This obvious conclusion has been
reaffirmed recently by the publication of
the early Septuagint manuscripts.
In them,
we find a transition from writing Yahowah's
name in Paleo-Hebrew in the midst of the
Greek text throughout the first and second
centuries, I should say,
to using the symbolism of Kappa Sigma to
represent Yahowah's name beginning in the
third century,
after the emergence of Christianity.
It is therefore likely that the
placeholders Kappa Sigma and Kappa Upsilon
were initially used to designate Yahowah's
name in a language whose alphabet could
not accurately replicate its
pronunciation, but they should have tried.
Also,
By finding Yahowah written in Paleo-Hebrew,
in the oldest Greek translations of the
Hebrew Torah and prophets,
especially in those dating to the first
and second centuries BCE and into the
first two centuries CE,
we have an interesting affirmation that my
initial rationale regarding the
placeholders was accurate.
Yahowah's name could not be accurately
transliterated using the Greek alphabet,
so they didn't try.
To avoid a mispronunciation,
the Hebrew alphabet was used.
Then after Hebrew became less familiar,
due in large part
the romans murdering enslaving and exiling
most jews greek symbolism was substituted
moving on the placeholders iota epsilon
i.e iota nu iota sigma and iota oopsalon
i'm getting a little better i guess with
my greek here it's coming back to me
slowly coming back to me slowly here
Well,
it's like I was going to be back
on fraternity row, I guess.
Boy, that was a long time ago.
When used to convey the religion's intent
to deify, ayusus or ayusun,
which became Jesus with the invention of
the letter J in the early seventeenth
century CE.
Rather than attempting to transliterate
something akin to Yahushua in Greek,
they introduced a moniker to suit Greek
sensibilities and grammar,
After all,
they were creating a new religion.
Their new religion wasn't to appeal to
Jews.
It was to rob Jews, to condemn Jews,
to plunder Jews, to enslave Jews,
to demonize Jews.
The new religion was to appeal to Romans
and to Greeks.
And this means that there is very little
basis for the seventeenth-century
corruption written as Jesus.
Beyond the fact that there was no J
sound or letter in English prior to the
seventeenth century,
and never in the Hebrew, Greek, Aramaic,
or Latin languages,
Jesus is not an accurate transliteration
of Ayusu, Ayusu, or Ayusun,
which were conceived as a result of Greek
gender and grammar rules.
But most importantly,
none of these names was ever written out
in the original Greek text.
Not once, not ever.
It is therefore inappropriate to
transliterate something,
to replace the pronunciation in the
alphabet of a different language,
which is not actually present.
So the name Jesus is a fraud.
purposefully promoted by religious
leaders' desires of deifying their
creation.
There was no Jesus.
That's a fact.
The title HaMashiach , the Messiah,
cannot be found on the imaginary lips of
the unnamed Christian man-god.
Throughout the Gospels,
he never referred to him as such.
It is a title Yahowah ascribed and
appointed to Doe David.
by pronouncing and orchestrating his
anointing on three occasions.
By contrast,
the Christian myth was never anointed.
Therefore,
the placeholders represented by Cairo,
Cairo Sigma, Cai Sigma, Cai Upsilon,
Cairo, Epsilon, Chi Omega.
I think that was a sorority.
Cairo, Omega,
and Chi Nu were used to ascribe a
divine character to the Greek concept of
Christos, to administer drugs,
or Christus, depicting a useful implement.
But more on these placeholders in a
moment.
The Hebrew El and Elohim,
meaning almighty,
but most often translated as God,
were replaced by the Greek concept of
theos,
by using the placeholders theta sigma,
theta epsilon, theta omega, and theta nu,
and while god's name and title were not
interchangeable there are times that these
placeholders represent Yahowah instead of
his title god incited hebrew text they mix
them up ruach is the is a feminine
hebrew noun for spirit without exception
references to the ruach
and Ruach Kodesh on occasion set apart
spirit,
are rendered under the Greek concept of
Pneuma, moving air, wind, breath,
or breeze, using the placeholders pi nu,
that was the word,
that was the letter I was looking for
earlier, pi nu alpha,
that is exactly the letters I was looking
for, pi nu alpha,
and thus pi nu sigma,
and pi nu iota.
In addition to these two names and three
titles,
the noun and verb forms of upright pole
and to affix to an upright pillar,
later changed to crux in Latin who say
cross, were rendered sigma, rho, omega,
sigma, or sigma, rho, omega,
followed by mu, alpha,
iota to indicate the verbal form
both with a line over them to signify
divinity.
They made their damn cross a god.
Making sure that we wouldn't miss the
supposed divine connotation of the
Christian cross.
Steros was never written out in the Greek
text.
placeholder was changed from staros
upright pole to the latin crux and then
became cross in english this is how the
image of a pagan cross was deified
becoming the symbol of the religion the
cross was a common religious symbol one
used throughout antiquity and babylon
Egypt with the Ankh,
Greece and Rome to signify the
intersection of the constellation Taurus
with the sun during the vernal equinox.
The closest sun day to this event was
called Easter,
which was named after the Babylonian
goddess Astarte,
who became known as Ishtar.
pagans who believed that the sun
impregnated mother earth on this day
giving birth of course nine months later
on the winter solstice then december
twenty fifth to of course the son of
the sun welcome to the pagan
birth of Christianity.
Solar worship, known as sol invidicus,
the unconquerable sun,
was thereby incorporated into
Constantine's religious preference from
his deadly legions,
where it remains embedded to this day.
The process began with his vision of a
flaming cross superimposed on the sun,
which was his God,
along with the edict in this sign conquer.
Of course, Eusebius made it all up,
not in the first, not in the second,
but in the third iteration of his
propaganda to essentially deify the pagan
gods.
whom he served.
Yeah, he didn't see any such thing.
And the actual battle was revolting,
disgusting and vicious and gruesome by any
standard.
And there was nothing godly or noble about
it.
And literally the sign was post-dated.
Among the most deliberating, debilitating,
I should say,
Christian misappropriations in this regard
is their affinity for Christ.
A placeholder potentially referring to
this imposter, this title,
English translations of Galatians one,
one passage is where it is first
presented.
First time you would ever have seen it.
First time it was ever perpetrated on the
world.
But as it turns out,
the overscored Greek symbols Chi Rho,
Chi Rho Sigma, Chi Sigma, Chi Upsilon,
Chi Rho Upsilon, Chi Omega,
and Chi Rho Omega,
as well as Chi Nu,
lots of variations of it,
were initially based upon Christos,
Christou, Christo, or Christone.
And it appears that none of that is
actually true,
but in the oldest manuscript where the
word is first written out,
we find that it was written Christos with
an E.
It's an entirely different word and
different spelling in the Greek,
and it doesn't mean drugged,
or as they would like to say from
drugged,
application of drugs would be similar to
the anointing therefore somehow christ is
somehow related to messiah because when
you apply a drug uh you have rubbed
it on therefore it must be like anointing
well it wasn't even based on that word
it was the placeholder was based upon
christos which means a useful implement
christos chris with an eye means
drugged as i have demonstrated uh the one
time it is is defined in the christian
new testament the verbal root written out
in the text it was used to say
that the laodicean assembly should apply a
man-made drug which was an ointment in
this case to their eyes
Christus, which is related to Christos,
on the other hand, means useful implement,
even upright servant as well as merciful
one.
It was used to depict the good and
beneficial work of a moral servant.
This is somewhat similar to the
implications of the Hebrew Masayach,
which is an implement doing the work of
Yah.
As such,
it is useful for you to know that
Hamasayach, the Messiah,
was seldom if ever written as a title
in the sense of ha, the definite article,
although maseach is used on three
occasions to identify Dowd .
Never, of course,
Jesus or even Ayusu or Ayusu or Ayusun,
much less the plesera of Greek
placeholders.
With the basis of Jesus,
the basis of Christ,
the basis of Christian,
and the basis of cross already destroyed.
It's not looking very good for the new
religion, is it?
But it gets worse because the Daniel nine,
twenty-one through twenty-six citations,
which stand alone in presenting the future
arrival of a Messiah,
and thus are essential to the Christian
myth,
are among the most errantly translated and
misappropriated in the entire Christian
Bible.
So let's turn to it now.
To begin,
Daniel became the recipient of these
prophecies because he was the only one at
the time willing and able to read the
revelations of the prophets and apply the
lessons.
Quite simply, he could write.
He was in Babel and there was no
better option.
So while he was neither a prophet nor
even a historian,
his ability to read and write was enough
For God to use him and for us
to benefit from Dowd 's visit to him.
Yeah, you heard that correctly.
The only actual prophet and prophets,
plural,
in the book attributed to Daniel were
Gabriel and Michael.
And Gabriel is Dowd .
And he was speaking about himself.
It says very distinctly that Gabriel was a
man and that Gabriel is from Gabor and
Gabar El.
Gabar means strong man.
Gabriel,
Gabor El means the most courageous and
capable man of God.
So it turns out he was speaking about
himself.
And as a result,
we're offered a brief history of the
world,
the story of the succession of beasts and
are now witnesses to the final solution to
mankind's errant ways.
And here's some of that text.
While I was continuing to communicate with
the intent of being distinct and
different,
then God's most competent and capable,
courageous and combative man, Gabriel,
The individual man, Ha-ish,
whom to reveal the proper path I had
seen during the initial prophetic
revelation,
offered advice while preoccupied with
other matters.
reached out to make contact with me around
the time of the evening offering .
Not only was Gabriel correctly identified
as an Ish man, a human male,
but the identity of El, God's Gabor,
is readily verified as Dowd from Yasha'yah
Isaiah nine,
where a son has a son he was
given to us.
The Messiah is the lone individual who
fits this title.
Yahowah refers to him as a Gabor throughout
the eighty ninth Psalm.
And there is no better news than this,
because apart from Yahowah ,
no one in heaven or earth knew as
much about the events he was going to
address and personally fulfill.
He had predicted them,
describing them in excruciating detail
throughout his songs,
and he himself would endure them.
Further, with Daniel...
Failing to meet the standard of a prophet,
Dowd  arrived as the most prolific of them.
Now Dowd ,
as the only man destined to live, well,
actually he's one of three that are
destined to live three lives, Machael,
who also,
issued prophecy to Daniel and Elia,
who was there but unnamed during the
visit,
are the three men destined to live three
lives.
Every covenant member will live two lives.
And everyone who has worked against Dowd ,
the covenant,
the revelations now found in Yahowah will
live also two lives.
But the second one will be endured in
a black hole called Sheowl
.
So multiple lives is not uncommon.
And everybody knows that Dowd  is coming
back a second time because God says so.
And you should know that Elia is coming
back because God said so.
So you know of those two,
and I'm here to tell you that there
are three men.
They are depicted as the ram,
The goat and the bull will all live
three lives because the second of their
three lives,
they sacrificed the Bashar body during the
Mow'ed Miqrah.
So Dowd ,
as one of these three man spanning three
eras,
was the ideal prophet to provide this
sweeping prophetic history of the world.
Moreover, he had arrived in Babel,
Babylon, the birthplace of the beast,
the realm from which Satan would arise and
build the very institutions he would
ultimately destroy.
Whether as a prophet or from his throne
in Shamaym ,
he would witness Babylon become Persia and
then watch as the Greeks prevailed over
them.
The bestiality of Rome was no secret to
him as he would experience their savage
brutality personally.
additionally Dowd  would have been familiar
with his mortal enemy the final beast the
roman catholic church which grew out of
imperial rome to obfuscate the heroic
sacrifices that he himself made on behalf
of his people while moshe may have been
his equal in this regard um well
maybe the closest to an equal of Dowd ,
no one else has ever been better at
providing accurate advice regarding God.
And no one surpassed Dowd  in the
destruction of Israel's foes,
having engaged sixty-six times without
ever losing a battle in defense of God's
people.
Further,
Doe's greatest gift to the covenant family
was offering to serve as the Passover lamb
and then endure the long night of
unyeasted bread in the darkness of Sheowl
.
Now that Gabriel's,
God's most competent man, Doe,
has returned and has been properly
introduced and identified,
we are told that he has been...
offering advice while involved with other
matters,
which means that he will return to fulfill
Pesach, Matzah, and Mekotam,
and he will again return during Kipurym
in year six thousand.
At this future day, Yom Kippur,
the day of reconciliations in the hundred
and twentieth Yobel year of six thousand
years, this time at sunset in his city,
the city of Dowd ,
which will be on October  second,
twenty thirty three.
Dowd 's first order of business will be to
anoint the Kippur,
the mercy seat of the Ark of the
Covenant,
so that Yahowah can reconcile his
relationship with Yisrael.
This is possible because the bull will be
sacrificed on Taruwah ,
providing the blood to anoint that mercy
seat.
And it will be this very same bull
as Obed-Edom that is responsible for
repositioning the mercy seat of the Ark of
the Covenant.
Underneath a replica of the Tent of the
Witness that will be repositioned on the
top of Mount Moriah.
All of this working together to enable
God's final fulfillment of the Mow'ed Miqrah.
And at that time,
we're going to see the final remnant of
Yisrael arrive and be purified so they can
witness God's return.
The realization that the Masayach Messiah
has been called away from these essential
responsibilities during Yom Kipurym to
provide insights relative to the
fulfillment of Chag Matzah as the Masach,
the anointed, is poetic, it's prophetic,
and it's profound.
Considering the source of these insights,
labeling Jesus the Christ rather than
acknowledging Dodd isn't just ignorant and
irrational.
It's insulting.
God, known errantly as David,
is the ultimate prophet and counselor,
shepherd and lamb,
Messiah and high priest,
son of God and king.
He is the exemplar of the covenant,
the embodiment of Yisrael,
the man who fulfilled the invitations to
meet with God and to say anything
otherwise would be wrong.
Now, moving on to the next statement,
we're reminded that God works through
curious souls because he realizes that
those who question everything find
resolution.
They not only grow in understanding,
but also in confidence.
And I suspect that Yahowah chose his final
messenger with this in mind,
recognizing that his son's appreciation
for how yada would result and bien,
knowing, would lead to understanding.
So he made the connections to encourage
understanding, vien.
He spoke with me and he said, Daniel,
now at this time,
I have come forth to provide insights and
instruction,
which if you are circumspect and
considerate will promote understanding
through discernment, viena.
Daniel nine, twenty two.
So Gabriel's,
which is God's most powerful.
Competent and confrontational man, Dowd ,
the beloved,
is the living embodiment of b'en,
understanding, particularly of the dabar,
word of God.
This is his atta, time,
when he will lead his people on yet
another yatsa, exodus,
this time out of Babel,
being confused by the Lord,
by listening to Dowd  throughout his
Mizmowr , his Psalms, and his mashal,
his Proverbs.
We revel in his shakal, insights,
and we grow in minah, understanding.
It is why Yahowah so loved, doubt,
and then supported his desire to fulfill
these roles so that we could learn from
his example and benefit from his
sacrifice.
Now it's a wonder to see God's son,
our Messiah and King,
speak directly to Daniel.
This is encouraging for the rest of us
specifically when we consider the
difference between Dowd 's intellect and
standing with God relative to our own.
Last time they met,
Daniel had done a noseplant and now by
asking him to think it through,
Dowd  forestalled more of the same.
He is brilliant after all.
In the beginning, the sickening...
I love this part.
In the beginning,
the sickening and inappropriate matter
of your desire for favors and your
pleading for mercy,
let's just call it your prayers,
was brought up.
So I myself returned to conspicuously
report an informative announcement and
make this known because you are so needy.
I love that because it had all the
way prior to this in the ninth chapter,
you have Dowd ,
she's biting her nails again.
You have Dowd  just constant, or not Dowd ,
you have Daniel just constantly begging
for this, that, and the other thing.
And so Dowd , David arrives and said,
good God, I'm so tired of hearing that.
Stop it already.
And you're so...
Damn needy.
Begging for this, begging for that.
It's the standard religious prayer thing.
God, give me this.
God, give me that.
God, give me this other thing.
God, just shut up and listen to God.
So here's Dowd  saying that exact same
thing.
You know, I'm here to shut you up.
We're tired of hearing you.
Therefore,
you'll want to be considerate and strive
to understand,
being diligent and systematic in your
evaluation.
Bien, of this message, Baha the Bar,
choosing to make the connections needed to
comprehend.
Bien, again, what is being revealed?
Nine twenty-three.
Well, true.
Now, of course,
this was a slap in the face to
a man who, in my opinion, needed it.
With all of his pleading,
Daniel had become irritating.
God does not want us praying to him
or begging him to do something that he
has already promised to do.
Or just simply read what he has requested.
Read what he says he's going to accomplish
and capitalize upon it.
Learn from him.
He doesn't need your advice.
We cannot go wrong when listening to God,
and we often go wrong when pleading with
him to do as we want.
was a compound word based upon chala to
be sickening and sorrowful as a beggar
wearisome and malcontent uh tequila
presents daniel as i have cast him
throughout the babel beast volume and my
dissertation on the book now bearing his
name frankly it was obvious
which was the point and reason for Dowd 's
astute assessment.
Moreover,
since Takila is also shaded by Celal,
which addresses the commonality and
profanity of religious and political
corruption,
Daniel is exactly as I have surmised.
He was prophetic of the corrupting
influence of politicized religion.
His life was used as a foil upon
which to expose and condemn the emergence
and spread of the weeds we now know
as rabbinic Judaism and Roman
Christianity.
I say this because in all due
consideration,
the first six chapters of Daniel are
rubbish.
By the way,
they weren't even written by the same man.
The style is everything is different.
It wasn't until Dowd  arrived as Gabriel,
God's most competent man,
in the seventh chapter,
that the narrative gained purpose and
meaning.
Personally,
I'm grateful to our Messiah and Shepherd
for confirming that my radically different
interpretation of Daniel was accurate.
Never once during the nearly twenty six
hundred years since that book was written
from the perspective of now mind through
Babel Beast has anyone come to those
conclusions.
But Dowd  did twenty six hundred years ago.
And fortunately, as it turns out,
I was not alone because Dowd  has shared
all of this and his assessment with us.
so that we know his and Yahowah's disdain
for religion, politics, begging,
and prayer.
For those who have not yet read the
Beast volume of Babel and Yada Yahowah ,
you may not know that the narrative found
within the first six chapters of Daniel
is as irritating as it is insightful in
a different way.
While symbolically presenting the
disgusting consequence of religious and
political indoctrination,
particularly what would become Judaism and
Christianity,
the stench
is sickening and debilitating to mankind
and irritating to God.
The opening chapters serve as an expose on
why God hates Babylon and why men and
women must leave its toxic influence to be
with God.
So try as he might to distance himself
from this horrible stain on his soul and
stigma on his life,
Daniel was still plagued by his childhood
programming and by being indoctrinated in
the height of Babylon's deplorable
culture.
It did not matter what he ate or
said because he had swallowed the poison
and it had profaned and corrupted him.
His contribution to this story is that he
could read and write and was sufficiently
curious to do that.
Beyond that,
he is the embodiment of all that is
wrong with Babylon,
with commingling truth and lies,
with the book that is named after Babel,
Bible, and of associating with the Lord,
of integrating religion and politics.
The Daniel...
depicted in the opening chapters of the
book bearing his name,
as well as the first half of the
ninth chapter, frankly, is deplorable.
As such,
he portrays the emergence of Judaism and
Christianity, ultimately leading to Islam.
Now that Gabriel has been properly
introduced and the purpose of this
revelation has been established,
it's time to consider the prophecy which
has been misappropriated to create the
myth of Jesus Christ when it should have
been received as a celebration of what the
Messiah Dowd  would accomplish in the
second and third lives.
What follows provides the blueprint for
redemption, for reconciliation,
for adoption, and for everlasting life.
And you'll note that it is focused upon
your people and your city.
That would be Yahuwdym and Jerusalem,
the city of Dowd .
Christians can tune out now since none of
this applies to you.
Certainly doesn't apply to Jesus or
Christ.
But as for Jews,
you may want to pay attention.
The many promises associated with Shabuwah
and the Shabbat,
along with the vows pertaining to the
things seven represents,
even seventy-sevens,
are determined and decreed.
on behalf of your people and the extended
family and upon your set-apart city and
its distinctly uncommon inhabitants,
to bring an end to religious rebellion,
eliminating the revolting communal
defiance and contrarian views,
to effect the signature which seals up the
guilt associated with having missed the
way, precluding ever being wrong again,
to provide reconciliation for religious
error,
purging the perverse corruptions and
twisted perversions,
to arrive with and bring that which is
essentially and eternally right,
always correct,
forever accurate and honest,
thereby attaining
everlasting deliverance and vindication,
to provide a personal seal and signature
to revelation,
confirming and completing these
communications and prophecy.
And yes, indeed,
an end to prophecy while also anointing
the most set apart.
Daniel, nine, twenty-four.
Well,
this is Toad's story from beginning to
end.
He has explained why he was willing and
able to fulfill the decree Yahowah had made
to his people through the seven Miqraey ,
the invitations to be called out and meet,
fulfilling the first three.
in thirty-three CE.
With his arrival in Jerusalem in advance
of Passover, and then again on Kipurym,
forty yobel thereafter,
two thousand years,
he has and will remove the guilt
associated with religious rebellion and
contrarian reviews.
The Messiah and Son of God,
having volunteered to serve as our Lamb
and our Shepherd,
a remnant of God's people,
will never stray again particularly as
they're purged by the bowl prior to Dowd 's
return with our souls perfected and the
relationship reconciled on these occasions
particularly now as we pass through shabua
and Taruwah  in anticipation of the return on
caporum Yahowah's surviving remnant
of Yisrael will be right forevermore,
becoming eternally vindicated and
therefore able to enter the Sukah ,
return to the garden.
This is the summation of all prophecy,
the fruition of God's promises.
And it occurs as Dowd  anoints the mercy
seat of the covenant within the Kodesh
Kodesh of God's home on Yom Kipurym.
so that reconciled we can celebrate
Sukah .
This pronouncement pertains to the Shabbat
and to the promises associated with the
harvest of Shabuwah  and then to the
gleaning on Taruwah .
It is for Daniel's people
and the covenant family and thus for Jews
and Gentiles who enter into that covenant
relationship.
And for Dowd  City, yes, Jerusalem,
the source of guidance on reconciliation
is what it means.
So since this is all designed to eliminate
religious and political guilt,
one would have to be foolish to believe
that any of this pertained to a Gentile
religion vehemently opposed to everything
we have just heard.
As such,
this prophecy cannot be predictive of the
anti-Semitic Christian Christ or
contradictory Christian New Testament,
or even to Romans and Greeks.
Moreover,
Dowd 's performance as the Messiah brought
an end to prophecy,
precluding any additional revelation from
God after thirty-three CE.
And there was no revelation that made it
part of the Christian New Testament until
fifty two.
And the first of the gospels wasn't
written until seventy five.
The last two were written in ninety five.
Therefore,
they cannot have been inspired by God,
according to the Messiah who fulfilled
Chag Matzah in thirty three CE,
according to the very text that is the
foundation when misinterpreted of
Christianity.
And that is why you're listening to the
words out of an observant witness,
sharing the revelations of previous
prophets rather than being a modern-day
prophet himself.
Dowd 's pronouncement reveals that when he
would, has,
and will come to fulfill the Mowedym ,
that these events are literally woven into
the broader timeline.
So it's germane to know that when we
account for the generations from Adam to
Abraham, we find that Forty-Obel,
or two thousand years, separate them.
Additionally, another forty obel,
or two thousand years,
transpire from Abraham's experience on
Mount Moriah to Dowd 's Passover sacrifice
in this same place.
And that means that a pattern has emerged
from which we can date the fulfillment of
the Miqraey , past and future.
Two thousand years after Adam's and
Chawah h's expulsion from the Garden of
Eden,
god confirmed the covenant and night one
nine six eight bce was your two thousand
yah with abraham sarah and eshock so that
we could return to it and join him
from there
To provide the resulting rewards,
including immortality, perfection,
adoption, enrichment, and empowerment,
by way of chag matzah,
God's attention returned to Moriah,
for he yobeled thereafter in year four
thousand year,
which was year thirty-three CE,
when his son, Dowd ,
walking out of the pages of the Torah,
fulfilled Passover on yeasted bread and
firstborn children.
But that would not be the end of
God's story.
Seventy years shy, or seven, I should say,
years shy of Forty-O-Bell,
the Covenant family.
would be withdrawn at the beginning of the
time of israel's troubles during Shabuwah
seven the seven's harvest of standing
grain this will be fulfilled in two
Shabuwah s with the first transpiring on a
friday evening at sunset may twenty second
twenty twenty six as the two-state
dissolution of israel is imposed
making the nation indefensible.
And then again on June eleven of twenty
twenty seven,
which is also a Shabuwah  when the harvest
will occur.
Thirteen months.
Thereafter, well, this is thirteen months,
the first after illusions of solutions
will ultimately devolve into genocidal
rage because it will be on the eleventh
of June of twenty twenty seven that we
will witness Alaska flood two point.
Oh,
just that it will be a thousand times
worse than what happened on October
seventh twenty.
Twenty three.
Now just seven days from the conclusion of
Israel's troubles on the first day of the
seventh month during Taruwah ,
occurring on the Shabbat of September,
the twenty-third and twenty-fourth of
twenty-thirty-three,
the final gleaning of Yahuwdym and Yisrael
will transpire.
And this will also be the time of
the sacrifice of what's considered to be
the red heifer,
but is actually the Adam of Parah,
which is a bloody red man who is
essentially productive,
especially productive.
All of this is going to occur in
year six thousand YAH.
In fact,
just as Chag Matzah designates the three
spring Miqraey, Pesach, Matzah,
and Bekutim,
Chag Sukah  defines the three fall Miqraey,
Taruwah , Kipurym , and Sukah .
And they all transpire in year six
thousand YAH.
The date of God's return with His beloved
Son, our Messiah, as I have mentioned,
is going to be at sunset on October
seventh, twenty thirty-three.
Father and Son will reconcile the
relationship with Yisrael and Yahuwdym,
restoring the covenant.
for many and for many purging them by
the sacrifice that takes place on Taruwah  so
that they can enter the Millennial
celebration of Sukah  and be part of the
celebration that will occur as the Earth
is restored to the conditions found in
Eden enjoying a thousand years of camping
out with our Heavenly Father through your
seven thousand yeah
a new beginning, a fresh start,
happily ever after.
For our Jewish friends,
you should know that there is no
justification or excuse for the random
dating Mamamides thrust upon an ignorant
and unsuspecting audience.
He was fascinated because he grew up in
and actually led Islamic communities on
the Islamic magic number of nineteen.
And, of course, with Islam,
he wrote under the title Sanctification of
the Moon.
And he came up with a date which
he said was from the time of creation,
which, by the way,
he was off by now.
fourteen billion years, to his time,
it's actually going to be, well,
if you were to take it back to
the correct time,
which is the time that Chawah  and Adam
were escorted out of the garden being year
zero,
the Jewish religious calendar is a hundred
and ninety-seven years errant.
So here now in year twenty twenty five,
we are living in year five nine nine
two.
Yeah.
With less than eight years remaining
before I was returned on Yom Kippur.
I'm in year six thousand.
Yeah.
The Rambam, of course,
was wrong on all accounts.
Creation occurred fourteen billion years
ago, not in three-seven-five-nine BCE,
as he claimed.
Further,
the expulsion from Gan Eden in year
zero-ya transpired in three-nine-six-eight
BCE.
A new year begins, the first of Abib,
in the spring,
not when the Babylonians observed Rosh
Hashanah.
But since the rabbi was more impressed
with his own calculations than the
genealogical tables established in the
Torah, for this purpose,
his sanctification of the moon scheme has
led Jews astray for over eight hundred
years.
Please don't continue to be lost among
them.
And for added detail,
verification of the place of Yahowah's
world if you will consider the timeline
that we have presented it's manifest
throughout the books bearing the title
yada Yahowah  free at yadaya.com
When Yahuwah inspires one of his prophets
to say, by the way, Am-ana,
for your people,
he is almost always addressing Yisrael and
Yahuwdym.
Not only is his affirmed or is this
affirmed by the constant references to Am,
meaning family or people,
throughout the Torah,
Am also means related kin.
Therefore,
the plan Yahowah was unfurling through his
son was designed in support of the
covenant he established with Abraham,
Yitschaq, and Yaakov.
God's focus, of course, is on Jerusalem,
the source of guidance on reconciliation.
The Ir Kodesh, the Set-apart City,
therefore,
not only denotes the location where these
prophecies would be fulfilled,
but also for whom.
It is the most Kodesh set-apart place on
earth.
It is in Jerusalem that Yahowah made it
possible for us to be separated from the
Peshah, Chata'ah, and Awon.
of man and be sadaq, right, regarding him.
And in this regard,
Kodesh is among the most revealing and
least understood terms in the Hebrew
lexicon.
It means to be set apart.
It affirms that God wants us to be
like him,
distinct from the ways of man and thus
uncommon,
therefore non-religious and political.
So when we consider these terms,
humankind's most pervasive and popular
agencies to be Kodesh means that we cannot
be religious or political if we want to
have a relationship with God.
So this then brings us to the next
statement,
which I think at this point we'll leave
since we've already gone over an hour time
to our next program.
So I know this has been a lot
to process and we'll continue this,
but it's important that
Since Paul began and introduced this myth
in fifty two C.E.
of a an Ayusu who would be the
Christu.
It's important that you know that there is
absolutely no basis whatsoever for his
conjecture in that regard.
And that's why we turned to the book
of Daniel.
Thank you for listening.
Look forward to being with you next time.